README.md, before:

# Critterpedia

A multi-framework implementation of Animal Crossing's Critterpedia to explore and compare different frontend technologies.

## About

This project implements the same Animal Crossing New Horizons Critterpedia application across multiple JavaScript frameworks. Each implementation displays bugs, fishes, and fossils with sorting and filtering capabilities.

## Frameworks

### ✅ Implemented

- **[Vue 2](./vue2/)** - Complete implementation with Vuex, Vue Router, and Vite

### 📋 Planned

- **Vue 3** - With Pinia and Composition API
- **SvelteKit** - Svelte meta-framework with SSR/SSG
- **Next.js** - React with SSR/SSG
- **Nuxt.js** - Vue 3 meta-framework

## Features

All implementations include:

- 📊 Display bugs, fishes, and fossils from Animal Crossing New Horizons
- 🔤 Sort by name or price
- 🌍 Filter by hemisphere (North/South)
- ⏰ Filter by availability (current month, right now)
- 📍 Filter by location and other attributes
- 🌐 i18n support (French/English)

## Shared Assets

All framework implementations share the same data and assets located in the `shared/` directory:

- **Data**: JSON files with bugs, fish, and fossils information (~383 KB)
- **Images**: PNG images for all creatures (~20 MB)
- **Icons**: SVG icons for UI elements

Each framework accesses these shared assets via symlinks in their respective `public/` folders.

## Project Structure

```
critterpedia/
├── shared/              # Shared assets across all implementations
│   ├── data/           # bugs.json, fish.json, fossils.json
│   ├── images/         # PNG images for all creatures
│   └── icons/          # SVG icons
│
├── vue2/               # Vue 2 implementation
│   ├── src/
│   ├── public/         # Symlinks to ../shared/
│   └── package.json
│
├── vue3/               # Vue 3 implementation (planned)
├── sveltekit/          # SvelteKit implementation (planned)
├── nextjs/             # Next.js implementation (planned)
└── nuxtjs/             # Nuxt.js implementation (planned)
```

## Getting Started

Each framework implementation is independent. Navigate to the desired framework directory and follow its README:

```bash
# Vue 2
cd vue2
yarn install
yarn dev
```

## Development Philosophy

This project aims to:

- 🎯 Implement the exact same features in each framework
- 🔍 Compare approaches, patterns, and best practices
- 📚 Serve as a learning resource for framework differences
- 🚀 Demonstrate real-world application structure

## Data Source

All creature data comes from the Animal Crossing New Horizons API / community data sources.

## License

This project is for educational purposes.

Commit message:

feat(shared): add comprehensive game assets and update documentation
Add complete set of shared assets including hourly background music, K.K. Slider songs, and images for art, furniture, sea creatures, and villagers. Remove legacy configuration files no longer needed in monorepo structure. Update README to reflect expanded asset coverage and proper attribution to ACNHAPI data source.

README.md, after:

# Critterpedia

A multi-framework implementation of Animal Crossing's Critterpedia to explore and compare different frontend technologies.

## About

This project implements the same Animal Crossing New Horizons Critterpedia application across multiple JavaScript frameworks. Each implementation displays bugs, fishes, and fossils with sorting and filtering capabilities.

## Frameworks

### ✅ Implemented

- **[Vue 2](./vue2/)** - Complete implementation with Vuex, Vue Router, and Vite

### 📋 Planned

- **Vue 3** - With Pinia and Composition API
- **SvelteKit** - Svelte meta-framework with SSR/SSG
- **Next.js** - React with SSR/SSG
- **Nuxt.js** - Vue 3 meta-framework

## Features

All implementations will include:

- 📊 Display bugs, fish, and fossils from Animal Crossing New Horizons
- 🔤 Sort by name or price
- 🌍 Filter by hemisphere (North/South)
- ⏰ Filter by availability (current month, right now)
- 📍 Filter by location and other attributes
- 🌐 i18n support (French/English)

## Shared Assets

All framework implementations share the same data and assets located in the `shared/` directory:

- **Data**: JSON files for bugs, fish, fossils, sea creatures, art, villagers, music, and furniture
- **Images**: PNG images for all items and villagers
- **Audio**: MP3 files for K.K. Slider songs and hourly music
- **Icons**: SVG icons for UI elements

Each framework accesses these shared assets via symlinks in their respective `public/` folders.

## Project Structure

```
critterpedia/
├── shared/              # Shared assets across all implementations
│   ├── data/           # JSON files (bugs, fish, fossils, sea, art, villagers, music, furniture)
│   ├── images/         # PNG images for all items
│   ├── audio/          # MP3 files for music
│   └── icons/          # SVG icons
│
├── vue2/               # Vue 2 implementation
│   ├── src/
│   ├── public/         # Symlinks to ../shared/
│   └── package.json
│
├── vue3/               # Vue 3 implementation (planned)
├── sveltekit/          # SvelteKit implementation (planned)
├── nextjs/             # Next.js implementation (planned)
└── nuxtjs/             # Nuxt.js implementation (planned)
```

## Getting Started

Each framework implementation is independent. Navigate to the desired framework directory and follow its README:

```bash
# Vue 2
cd vue2
yarn install
yarn dev
```

## Development Philosophy

This project aims to:

- 🎯 Implement the exact same features in each framework
- 🔍 Compare approaches, patterns, and best practices
- 📚 Serve as a learning resource for framework differences
- 🚀 Demonstrate real-world application structure

## Data Source

All data and assets are sourced from [ACNHAPI](https://github.com/alexislours/ACNHAPI) by [@alexislours](https://github.com/alexislours).

- JSON data files under CC BY 4.0 license
- Images and music assets are the sole property of Nintendo

## License

This project is for educational purposes.
